# Looking professional

I apparently right now look skilled enough to be asked about how to correctly begin
a career or a learning journey on Information Technology related subjects like cyber
security. The people who ask these things are usually really young which to me is 
pretty impressive even though I myself once started as a really young person at this.

## What the hell is professional

I subscribe heavily to the Louis Rossmann way of thinking which is that the way
a professional should be defined is that a professional makes some really good work
happen no matter the circumstances. A true professional is in my books allowed to
wear and say whatever they want because they are just so good at their job.

Some Karen types on the internet and otherwise might say that a professional is 
always polite and never offends anyone and is always behaving nicely and that is 
an amazingly huge pile of bullshit because being nice and using speech patterns
that are often mistaken for being a nice person do not equate to a person being
a professional or good at what they are doing.

## What does being perceived as a professional feel like

I started somewhat actively training to become a programmer or an Information 
Technology person back in 6th grade when I was 13 and now around 10 years later
I am just about to feel like I know something of what it is that I am doing or trying
to do. It has been a really hard, challenging, mentally breaking and a really fun ride. 

I personally feel like I am just a person who likes to use and learn alot about
my particular chosen subsection of technology so I obviously feel more honored
than I am capable of taking in whenever someone thinks I look like a true professional.

# Next topics

- [ ] making a tic tac toe game with javascript
- [ ] making a psychological torment AI
- [ ] making an app for the Samsung TV
