# Making a tic tac toe game with javascript

I want to just make the classic tic tac toe game with the features that are included
in the support system of the modern vanilla javascript and that means that I will
not be using any of the modern reacts or graphics helpers apart from the functionalities
of canvas drawing libraries. I think this will be a fun start to whatever the fuck
I will become with the things that I learn from this recap ass project.

# Creating the game board

The typical board size of tic tac toe is 3x3, but making it be however big or small
is one of my goals on this project that I have started like 5 minutes ago. Yapping 
to this markdown file that I know nobody is going to ever read is slowing me down, 
but I think it is really important to my own personal progress to document my thoughts
while I make things.

## Approach 1: just buttons and a script

My first idea of making a really usable grid of buttons that is scaleable to whatever 
size that the user of this project might later on want and in my head the first 
step to doing that is to make a container element or a div with some class name
so that it can be both hidden and tampered with later on programmatically. My own
name for the class is button-board. Similarly to the name button board the one 
made with a canvas is in the same logic canvas-board.

### Approach 1.1: making a function that generates the button grid

There should be some function in the script section of that index.html file with
the name create_button_board that takes in the following arguments:

- Height: int

For what the height will be made as real as possible with will be some sub class
div for the button-board div. I am naming that class in advance to be button-board-row.
The rows will be given some id rX.

- Width: int

For what the with will be made as real as possible with will be some sub class
of button-board-row that I will call button-board-row-column. The columnts will
then be given some id bX.

### Approach 1.2: the actual gameplay

Now that I have created the buttons and the creator script for the buttons for 
whatever scenario the player wants to play in. On my machine the creating of the 
board becomes slow afer like 30x30.

I created a thing that changes the symbol put into the column div after every click
and a checker for if that div has already been clicked.

### Approach 1.3: checking for a win

Checking has to be done to every possible direction separately

#### Approach 1.3.1: vertical

- [ ] make the actual checking feature

#### Approach 1.3.2: horizontal

- [ ] make the actual checking feature

#### Approach 1.3.3: diagonal

- [ ] make the actual checking feature

## Approach 2: canvas

- [ ] this section has been left as an exercise to either the reader or me.

# Where can you find the current state of this project?

vohvelikissa/vanilla-js-tictactoe

# Next topics

- [ ] make a jumping game with canvas
- [ ] make 2d racer
- [ ] make a side scroller
